Your Majesty, these last seven days
Grain prices in Linjiang City have been skyrocketing
And that was two days ago.
The grain price in Linyang City is probably even higher now.
What's with the tweezers?
Really want to hurt me Gao Jiang
The whole door cannot be cut
I stand brand Zhongyi
This is what the lamb gave me
And not only that.
Gao Yushi also ordered the renovation of the county cliff
Host a grand event on the Qingshui River
Dragon boat race
Su Xieling was heartbroken
Ordered 800 miles to play chess in court
Your Majesty hum
The absurd old man has been collecting for 30 years
I've never seen anything so ridiculous
So hard
How can the old man tolerate him
I implore Your Majesty to severely punish the grandson of Duke Ding
Quell public anger
Mo Jiao Buddha seal
The minister loses righteousness, the minister handles the seat Ruyi
It's over, my Gao family is over
Lord Ding
Old minister Gao Tianlong meets His Majesty
Uncle Kim, pick it up quickly
Your Majesty, I have only one thing to do today
Soaring food prices
Restore the tiger teeth
This is the news from Linjiang Mansion two days ago
Why should anyone panic?
In two days, Linjiang Mansion was in chaos
Wait two more days.
Would you?
Hey, Lord Du
You've been back and forth ten times this morning
It's almost shaking this young master
You can sit still with the anger outside
I can't sit still
Psychological quality like yours
It's really rare
Okay, uncle liu
Xu Xu, you will become immortal
If you forget to kill